1. Based on the reports of your fellow classmates during our last class (2021-09-08), please briefly summarize any new ideas for apps to solve people’s problems that you have come up with as a result of listening to other students.
	This meeting on 2021-09-08 actually never occurred. If there is a grader reading this in the professor's stead, know that the professor for this class, Haim Levkowitz, was celebrating a holiday of great importance in his faith and could not attend class that day. That being said, I did have a discussion with my mother about issues she was facing and an app that could help her. My mother is a very busy person, and she has a lot of appointments to meet and duties to fulfill. She told me that her current applications can set dates and reminders, but they do not discriminate between the importance of tasks, they are hard to categorize, and there is middling incentive to actually check off tasks through those apps rather than just doing it and carrying it on. This has given me an idea of what I could do for an app, but I will discuss that more in part 4.

2. Several people mentioned the “conflict” between the desire to have a free app, and developers’ desire (and need) to get compensated. Can you suggest any ways by which developers can reap their creativity’s and efforts’ rewards without alienating their “customer base” by inundating with ads and/or charging them.
	This is actually something that I have thought about in extensive detail in the years preceding my enrollment in this course. Some years ago, likely in my Freshman year, I read a book called "Masters of Doom: How Two Guys Created an Empire and Transformed Pop Culture". I was reading it because I wanted to learn about the ray-tracing technology discussed in the book, but tangentially learned about the business aspect of the whole operation. Doom took off as wildly as it did because iD Software released a shareware version of the game with the first few levels within. The shareware version of Doom can be enjoyed thoroughly on its own, and those who had a chance to enjoy the game rather than having to face a paywall more often than not bought the full version. That sort of business model appeals to me: release something for free which has functionality that is useful to the end user, and then allow for additional functionality through additional purchases. For example, Adobe offers a perfectly functional PDF viewer called Acrobat for free, but offers additional functionality like signing PDFs through the purchase of the full version.

3. Please point to any app/software/website that offers in your opinion an excellent UI/UX. Briefly explain in what ways you find its UI/UX to be so good.
	Discord has consistently decent UI, which is better than can be said for most applications I use on a daily basis. It's not perfect for me, but then again I don't like most user interfaces I deal with. This said, Discord has a simple and intuitive design that is accessable to most users. It divides its various servers into text channels for text communications and voice channels for voice communications. It has good support for file transfer over text channels encompassing images, audio files, and videos. Posting a link from something like YouTube will embed the video in the text channel. You can quickly organize which servers you are in as well as take stock of who belongs to a server and who is currently online. It's decent and reliable, which makes it a good UI.
	
4. Have last class’s discussions and/or items 1-3 gotten you closer toward a mobile app you would like to pursue as a project for this course? Please discuss briefly.
	My discussion with the class has not gotten me closer toward a mobile app I would like to pursure as a project for this course, only for the reason that this discussion never occurred. My conversation with my mother, however, did give me an idea. I have seen the success of apps like Duolingo, a language learning website/application. Duolingo rewards completionism and consistency through its game-like features. It rewards the user for using the app to learn language consistently by using a streak counter. If the user misses a day, their streak ends. However, completion and mastery of language components confers virtual currency which can be used to buy items which can automatically "freeze" the streak if one day is missed or items which can manually freeze the streak for a set amount of time
	This feature would be great for an application made for completing tasks. Users who get something done every day get to keep their streak. This will encourage users to set goals and accomplish them consistently. Tasks should be able to be assigned dates as normal, but also importance and grouping. The task "attend father's birthday" could be of 5 star importance, while "buy eggs" with a time range of "during this week" should be a 1 or 2 star task. The user should be able to create groups for tasks, like "Groceries" or "Meetings", and choose which ones they want to be notified about. The end user should expect to get notifications about their father's birthday, but not their groceries which could ideally be passively checked off during or after a trip to the supermarket. I have more plans for this application, but to elaborate further would be to reduce the idea to its minutia rather than its key ideas.
