The problem that this project is attempting to solve is that there is no dedicated task scheduler/planner for creatives. Most calendar apps and reminder apps are business oriented and lack a simple way to get your ideas together.

The goal of this project was to allow creatives an easy way to assemble and keep track of a tentative list of tasks, as well as allow for a way to organize ideas.

For organizing tasks, one way would be to make a system where the user could mark the difficulty, description, and completion status of tasks. One might also consider setting up a series of timed push notifications or a reward system for comleting tasks. Ultimately I chose the former. This is because, imagining myself as a creative, I like to stay on top of things and already check my calendars regularly. Push notifications would be annoying, and a rewards/streak system would feel condescending.

For organizing ideas, one way would be to utilize a folder on local storage where different files can be stored and listed by filetype. Another option would be for the phone to tap into these files remotely by storing files as links and redirecting to the user's default browser. I chose the latter here. Having all of the files hosted remotely as hyperlinks is more space efficient than carrying them around everywhere. Also, consider that if a user lost their phone, they would lose everything they were working on. If they are only hyperlinks, the user can go back to where they posted or saw these online and nothing would be lost.

The choices I have made are not necessarily objectively the best for everyone, but in making something for everyone you will appeal to no one. These choices were made in the best interest of appealing to passionate and dedicated creatives while still maintaining a level of simplicity and open-endedness. The most important features to add are the ones that I would personally value in an application of this kind, and I believe that this completed product represents that way of thinking.
